POC bazel remote cache (#636)
Azure/dalec: website/docs/caches.md

  - bazel:
      scope: my_scope
```

### Remote Cache

Bazel supports remote caching. When bazel caching is enabled in the spec dalec will look for a socket ID, `bazel-default`,
which is provided by a buildkit client and forward it into the build environment adding the appropriate configuration to
bazelrc.

:::note
If using docker buildx, you will need to set `--ssh socket=<path>,raw=true`, which requires buildx vesion 0.25.0 or later.

DALEC provides a (go) library to help with this in the `sessionutil/socketprovider` package that you can use with a custom buildkit client integration.
These are generic and not specific to dalec or bazel caching, so they must be configured based on your needs.
:::

1. `socketprovider.SocketProxy` - This implements the required interface to pass sockets to buildkit.

> 2. `socketprovider.Mux` - Routes requests for sockets to different backends,
>     this is needed if you'll want to forward SSH agents into the build like the
>     docker CLI does. This acts sort of like an http.ServeMux but for buildkit's
>     socket forwarding implementation, where a request comes in with a socket ID and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `socketprovider.Mux` - Routes requests for sockets to different backends,
    this is needed if you'll want to also forward SSH agents into the build in addition to a socket such as the one used for bazel caching. This acts sort of like an http.ServeMux but for buildkit's
    socket forwarding implementation, where a request comes in with a socket ID and
```

    the mux routes it to the appropriate backend based on the ID, which is up to you
    to configure how you want those routes to be handled.

These implement the
[session.Attachable](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/moby/buildkit/session#Attachable) interface and need to be provided to the
[SolveOpt](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/moby/buildkit/client#SolveOpt) in the `Session` field when starting a build.

The way this works is the buildkit client is expected to provide a set of GRPC API's tunnelled through a "session".
The buildkit solver will call those API's for a nunmber of things, including fetching files, authentication, and in this case
forwarding sockets.
The API's for forwarding sockets are designed around forwarding SSH agents, but the buildkit solver doesn't care about SSH
or the agent protocol at all.
The docker CLI, however, is expecting to only provide SSH agent forwarding and is not able to be used with generic proxies like
is provided in these libraries.

> Any buildkit server should work with this, just that the buildkit client requires special configuration to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any buildkit server should work with this, it is just that the buildkit client requires special configuration to do this.
```
